the past isn't dead
james fate draws us back together
now your enemy is my enemy
his name is saffin and what does he want
revenge me when her secret finds its way
out
it'll be the death of you
you can imagine why i've come back to
play
there's a young lady in santiago i want
you to meet you're late
when you're ready
salute i met your new double-oh
she's a disarming young woman i get why
you shot him
yeah well everyone tries at least once
james bond
we both eradicate people
to make the world a better place i just
want to be a little
tidier
[Applause]
come on bond where the hell are you
harder to tell the good from bad
villains from heroes these days
what is it you don't know what this is
he's going to kill millions
if we don't do this
there will be nothing left to say
[Music]
you
[Applause]
[Music]